Title: Welcome to Greedy Foodie

The obligatory first post. What to say? I guess this is a chance to tell you about Greedy Foodie and the guy behind it.

<h2>The Name</h2>
One of my regrettable traits when it comes to food is Greed. I find myself checking out other peoples food with envy even if I have a full plate in front of me. I am first to ask to try something but the last to offer. I definitely don't like sharing food! Its an unfortunate trait because one of the beauties of food is sharing with others. maybe over time I will grow out of being greedy but for now you can call me the Greedy Foodie. 


✂------✂------✂------✂------✂------✂------✂------✂------✂------✂------
<h2>What is Greedy Foodie about</h2>
Food, Drink and all things in between. Greedy Foodie will be my life on a fork. This is the place I will post my restaurant reviews, mainly from Manchester. I will my reviews with follow the "Food Blog Code of Ethics":http://foodethics.wordpress.com/.
Greedy Foodie will occasionally feature recipes that I have found to be of a really good standard. There will be foodie challenges and drink related fun.
One aspect I am really excited about is the use of technology in relation to food. I work as a web developer and am passionate about the web. There are some really interesting things happening in the tech world around food and I will write about that here. 


<h2>About Me</h2>
My name is Ben and I live in Manchester with my Girlfriend. I have been interested in food since my early teen when I started experimenting with asian food and cooking dinner parties for my family, I think the first thing I served them was squid. 

I have never been squeamish about my food and have been lucky to travel round most of S.E. Asia trying different and interesting things. I try to follow George Bernard Shaws advice <quote>you should try everything once, except incest and folk dancing</quote>, Bamboo Rat is one of those things I will not eat again!. I will carry on eating and trying new things and write about them here.

Oh yes and I live with a "pescetarian":www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=pescitarian which works out surprisingly well for a greedy carnivore!  
